a quick update to the new zen nx ?
this is an edited review , now that i have had time to use the device .
while , there are flaws with the machine , the xtra gets five stars because of its affordability .
it is the most bang-for-the-buck out there .
yes the ipod is smaller , but not $ 200 worth , which is the premium you 'll pay for an equivalent capacity model .
yes , the ipod looks in tune with the carefully articulated urban-hipster persona thats become popular as of late , but sure-as-hell is n't worth the $ 200 premium ( unless you are just dying to match your music player with that volkswagen beetle and urban outfitters wardrobe ) .
for me , i 'll save that cash for another purchase .
get this player !
before i decided to get this player , i did my research .
i looked up the ipod , the dell jukebox , and the samsung napster player .
i chose this one because from what i read , it was the best deal for the money .
another reason i got it is because you can put wma files on it .
that takes up half the space of mp3 's . 
that 's important because i have a lot of music .
the software is great .
you can sort your music by artist , title , album , or genre , and you can play music based on those categories .
transfering is easy , the software makes everythig pretty easy .
even the battery life is great - it advertises 14 hours , it 's actually a little less but still good . 
only 1 problem , no accessories ...
yet .
i hope it 's because it 's new and they are not out yet , but being without a remote is hard .
they player 's interface itself is also very easy to use .
can 't complain and i recommend it over all the other players , just hope that remote will come out soon .
get it , it 's woth every penny ! !
kick a player
i was a little concerned to be the black sheep buying this player instead of the incredibly overpriced apple i-pod .
i 've had it for a week now , do n't regret the purchase one bit , and i never leave home without it .
if you have any doubts about this player , well do n't .
the battery is replaceable ( a real plus ) and there is a leather case ( another real plus ) .
i suppose that you could jog with it but it seems to be made for the enjoyment of music .
so far the software for the pc works easily .
by the way , it looks nice also .
an ipod killer :
this thing kicks mighty apple butt !
i would have given this thing 4.5 stars but since i can 't , i 'll be sweet and give it the full 5 stars .
it 's worth it .
i personally do n't like apple or their business practices ( screwing resellers , customers and employees left and right ) so i shopped around for something else . 
after finally stumbling upon this zen nx player , i knew i had found what i was looking for .
my two main requirements were longer battery life and lower price : i found both .
this thing lasted well over 14 hours when i played it straight for the first time .
one thing i should note is that i have only had this product for one day , so there are many options i have not explored .
the main problem with the nomad jukebox zen xtra 30 gb is the software .
on my relatively new computer ( p4 with windows xp and usb 2.0 ) , the os complained about the installation of the drivers .
despite the instructions insisting that the process was fairly automatic , i had to install the usb drivers and the nomad interface software manually .
the interface software itself , which should be user-friendly , was anything but easy-to-use .
with the nomad explorer software , songs should be drag-and-drop .
i have not yet tried the cd-ripping program .
the player itself has all sorts of problems . 
the face-plate , which pops out for the battery , pops open by itself every 10 minutes or so .
the player hangs up on file transfer every once-in-a-while , prompting a reset .
the scroll button is overly sensitive at times ; not sensitive enough at others .
depressing the scroll button ( for selecting ) is not always responsive .
the scroll bar problems make the task of creating playlists more frustrating . 
on the positive side , the sound of the player is pretty good , once you have everything configured .
i have n't had time to really push this player to the limit , but audio aspects on the nomad are satisfactory , as should be expected from creative labs .
overall , a very disappointing product .
the setup process for the nomad is infuriating , and the interface with the player is sub-par .
the player 's mechanics are also flawed .
so easy to set up , had some problems with my archos .
stayed up all night trying to figure out that thing . 
just easily drag and drop files into the nomad explorer and from there you easily alter id tags and sort your music according to your liking , by artist , song title , genre , etc .
not only is it functional and runs super smooth & fast , but it is also eye candy .
very sleek & stylish as well as the screen options and visuals it has .
it actually gives the option to clear the previous playlist when i want to play another list .
meaning i do n't have to manually clear the list , and then load the new list .
the cons are n't really a big deal to me ...
except one con that does annoy me is the way it stores files ...
no folder structure ...
and it 's based on the title of the songs ...
many of my songs where seperated into folders ( on the pc ) ...
and a few had same titles ...
so i had to change the titles to make sure that i did n't have any that might be the same as another . 
and man ...
i had to work to put my chinese songs on the player ...
because i had the actual chinese names of the songs as the title ..
and since the current language selection was english ( even though i think only the menu supports chinese , and not the track info ) ...
all it saw were `` ? `` s and even though the songs had different names in chinese ..
if it had the same number of `` ? `` s then it would ask if you want to overwrite another song that just had the same number of `` ? `` s . 
buyer beware ! sort your songs and adjust the titles accordingly ( maybe this applies to other players too , and not just the nomad , i do n't know ) .
i would 've still bought this drive even if i knew about this issue beforehand .
not counting the time i spent editing the songs ( i suppose i should 've done it anyway on my pc ) the transfer was pretty painless .
once you start sending files , it 'll continue until it 's done or it hits a song that has the same title as another song ...
at which point you can skip , skip all , replace , replace all , or cancel .
and go from there ...
if you chose one of the `` all `` options , then you do n't need to do anything until it 's done .
in two transfer batches ( first was english songs , then foreign languages ) , it did n't come up with any errors ( aside the duplicate name i mentioned ) . 
so i do n't know what the previous review that could n't do more than 30 songs is talking about .
of course , unlike that person i will mention that i upgraded the firmware to 1.23 . 00
