Overall Review: Good card
Hate scalpers
They fix shipping issue now (i hope)
Overall Review: Overall I am pretty smitten with this graphics card. Newegg (or their algorithm) was so kind as to select me in the "shuffle," and so I felt lucky to get this at the price I did in the current GPU market. Newegg is essentially giving up potential profits they could have gathered, to honor a more fair pricing for their customers, and I won't forget that moving forward. Newegg has to compete in an environment with other major competitors, so I think this was a pretty classy move on their part. The 3080 TI is everything I wanted, it allows me to play every game I have tried with a truly good experience, usually at max settings, at 4K, often exceeding 60fps, and sometimes approaching 120fps. Paired with a G-sync monitor is the way to go. On games like Cyberpunk I am getting about 50 fps at max settings and the Gsync keeps it mostly smooth, and on games like Far Cry 5 I get about 110-120 fps on 4K max which keeps the action both crisp and smooth. Like nothing I have experienced before. 2K 60 fps with V-sync used to be the standard for me that I aimed for, and sometimes when a game was too much for my graphics card, I would just have to "save" the game for new hardware in the future because V-sync at 30 fps was unplayable to me. Coming from a 980 TI, this new setup is really worth it. Additionally I was concerned about coil whine, because it's kind  of a gamble, and as much as I can garner, it's kind of up to the individual manufacturers (Gigabyte, MSI, etc.) on how to finally assemble a graphics card and coil whine is not a concern for some of them. I once owned a R9 290X that squealed like a pig, and it was truly unbearable. So I either got lucky with this 3080 TI, or Gigabyte is good at making graphics cards not squeal, I don't know, but all I can say is my unit does not have coil whine, and the fans are fairly quiet to boot. I couldn't be happier, which is nice when spending this much money. Coil whine is present, but not that bad running unregulated FPS during menus, etc. which is normal. It's possible that at 144HZ plus applications, coil whine could become an issue, but even this cards worst "whine" that I have heard, has been pretty tame. I run an almost silent air cooled setup, with a heavily vented computer case, so their is very little sound insulation as well with my configuration. If you're looking at this card, price versus performance has already gone out the window, so don't let the naysayer get you down. The law of diminishing returns governs a lot in this world of ours. Top end GPUs have never been a "good" buy (until you could resell them recently, I suppose). Buy with confidence, and if you are worried about price versus performance this is probably not the card to buy. If you want to play games now, like "Cyberpunk 2077" at max settings at 4K, this is one of the only cards that can do that at "playable" frame rates, which is also subjective...
Overall Review: It happened randomly. Suddenly the fans rev'd to full throttle and the screen froze. I restarted my computer and had no video output. Immediately put my 2080TI back in and went to process the  return on Newegg. Good thing I didn't rush to sell the 2080TI
Return process for sudden premature hardware failure is annoying--especially having slow boat ship it across country back to Cali, wait for Newegg to process the return, then have to wait for it to ship across country (again). 
Funny that the most expensive single computer part I've ever purchased had failed the fastest as well. I understand it's random and the luck of the draw, but the experience stings and makes me leary of buying from the Gigabyte brand in the future.
Pros: Absolutely top tier performance.
Pros: - Amazing Card 0 complaints
Pros: Card runs well when it wants to
Pros: Handles anything i through at it
Ultra/Max settings on every game at 4k no problem
Pair with a LG 48 or now 42 C1/C2 for an amazing 4k display.