The FinePix F10 ($399) is a bit of a departure for Fuji.
While it uses the SuperCCD HR sensor like many other Fuji cameras of late, it does different things with the extra data collected by the sensor .
Fuji includes their FinePixViewer software with the F10.
The version numbers are 5.0 for Windows and 3.3 Mac OS 9 and OS X.
FinePixViewer is for basic image organizing and editing, and is no substitute for something like Photoshop Elements.
Also included is ImageMixer VCD2 for Mac and Windows.
This lets you create Video CDs from your still images and movie clips.
The F10's manual is fairly average for a digital camera.
It's complete, but a bit cluttered.
The FinePix F10 is a new design for Fuji and I like it.
The body is made almost entirely of metal and it feels solid, save for the cheap plastic door over the battery/memory card compartment.
The important controls are well placed and I found it easy to hold and operate the camera with just one hand.
The FinePix F10 features a large 2.5" LCD display.
While large in size, this screen isn't big on resolution, with just 115,000 pixels.
While I could tell that the screen resolution wasn't the best, it didn't really bother me while using the camera.
Outdoor visibility is good with the screen brightness at its normal level and even better with it turned up (I'll show you how to do that in a second).
Low light visibility is about the same -- above average at normal brightness and very good with it turned up.
In case you didn't notice, the F10 lacks an optical viewfinder.
Whether that bothers you or not is a personal decision -- I like having one myself.
At the upper-right of the photo is the zoom controller.
This moves the lens from wide-angle to telephoto in just 0.9 seconds.
I counted eight steps throughout the 3X zoom range.
Below that are three buttons and the four-way controller.
The top two buttons are for entering playback mode and for opening the Photo Mode menu.
2_last Fuji camera 3_Photo Mode menu (toned down)
Gone are the fancy colored menus -- this is kind of boring in comparison.
I want to talk about the F10's great high ISO shooting abilities.
Previously ISO 1600 was reserved solely for digital SLRs -- not anymore! The F10 can take full-sized shots all the way from ISO 80 to ISO 1600.
So what does this all mean?
I'll tell you in a second.
The natural light scene mode is really cool.
Ever take a photo indoors without the flash and have it come out like this?
It's hard to appreciate that beautiful orchid when it's all blurry! I didn't do any tricks with this photo -- this is a handheld shot without the flash at ISO 80, which is what I'd use in typical everyday shooting.
I didn't want to use the flash since it would wash things out.
On the bottom of the F10 you'll find the speaker, tripod mount, and battery/xD Picture Card compartment.
It's a shame that after building such a nice metal camera that Fuji cheaped out by using a plastic tripod mount and flimsy plastic door over the battery/memory compartment.
The included NP-120 battery is shown at right.
It's pretty big, though the photo makes it look larger than it really is.
Using the Fuji FinePix F10
Record Mode
The FinePix F10 starts up very quickly, taking just 1.4 seconds to extend the lens and "warm up" before you can start taking pictures.
With the high speed shooting feature turned off, autofocus speeds were about 0.3 - 0.5 seconds, which is about average.
Turn on the high speed shooting feature and things speed up greatly, making the F10 one of the fastest point-and-shoots I've seen recently.
Shutter lag was not an issue, even at slower shutter speeds where it sometimes crops up.
Shot-to-shot speed was very good, with a delay of around two seconds before you can take another picture.
There's no way to delete a photo immediately after it is taken, though.
You must enter playback mode to do that.
Now, let's take a look at the resolution and quality choices available on this camera.