excellent picture quality / color
i recently purchased the canon powershot g3 and am extremely satisfied with the purchase .
the camera is very easy to use , in fact on a recent trip this past week i was asked to take a picture of a vacationing elderly group .
after i took their picture with their camera , they offered to take a picture of us .
i just told them , press halfway , wait for the box to turn green and press the rest of the way .
they fired away and the picture turned out quite nicely .
( as all of my pictures have thusfar ) .
a few of my work constituants owned the g2 and highly recommended the canon for picture quality .
i 'm easily enlarging pictures to 8 1/2 x 11 with no visable loss in picture quality and not even using the best possible setting as yet ( super fine ) . 
ensure you get a larger flash , 128 or 256 , some are selling with the larger flash , 32mb will do in a pinch but you 'll quickly want a larger flash card as with any of the 4mp cameras .
bottom line , well made camera , easy to use , very flexible and powerful features to include the ability to use external flash and lense / filters choices .
i 'd highly recommend this camera for anyone who is looking for excellent quality pictures and a combination of ease of use and the flexibility to get advanced with many options to adjust if you like .
great job canon !
cool toy
1_this 3_first digital camera (first)
i am a software engineer and am very keen into technical details of everything i buy , i spend around 3 months before buying the digital camera ; and i must say , g3 worth every single cent i spent on it . 
just a little overview , powershot g3 is the flagship of canon 's powershot series and its an slr-like camera , its 4 megapixel and ( alsmost ) full manual control gives the pictures a touch of brilliance . 
whether you are a novice or an expert , its ease of use and functionality goes together .
+ you can have different kind of lens if you want + flashes , etc . 
as its 4mp , you might need bigger storage to store high quality images and recording movies ( you can record 3 minutes of video ) .
i am using kingston 512mb cf which works great and is very fast .
a good choice could be cf type ii , microdrives that can store around 1 gb of images .
some things that i did n't like ( but hey . nothing is perfect ) .
i wo n't go into the details here , as the online sites ( stevesdigicams , dpreviews ) go into great depth in their reviews , but i am very pleased with the features , the speed , the picture quality , the flexibility , the automation , and the functional conveniences this camera offers .
with the automatic settings , i really have n't taken a bad picture yet .
and with the panoramic `` stitch `` mode , it guides you through stitching together multiple pictures to build a seamless panoramic image .
i am absolutely in awe of this camera , canon put enormous quality into the g3 .
do n't walk , run and buy this camera if you have the budget , i guarantee you will not be disappointed .
great camera
i bought my canon g3 about a month ago and i have to say i am very satisfied .
i have taken hundreds of photos with it and i continue to be amazed by their quality .
the g3 is loaded with many useful features , and unlike many smaller digital cameras , it is easy to hold steady when using slower shutter speeds .
flaws ?
the lens is visible in the viewfinder when the lens is set to the wide angle , but since i use the lcd most of the time , this is not really much of a bother to me .
still i am a little suprised that canon did not correct this design flaw before releasing the camera .
despite this minor disappointment , i highly recommend the canon g3 anyone who is serious about digital photography .
have n't had practice but i 'm already in love with it
i have only had this camera for one full day and i have to say that it is wonderful .
the photo quality is amazing and i know i 'm going to have fun with all the features .
i 've figured out most of its features on my own already ( because i have used digital cameras before , so i know things like symbols ) .
i 'm one of those people that can only concentrate on one screen at a time so i 've been having trouble paying attention to the little display panel on top , but that does n't stop me from loving this camera .
the reason i rated it a four is because of that darn diopter adjustment dial .
i know there are five mp cameras out there , but this thing does just fine for me .
if you want , check out the canon website and they have some sample images , taken by this camera , for you to download .
if you are looking for a very simple point and shoot camera , this is probably not what you are looking for .
if you are looking for an outstanding camera that can take you from simple to complex , this is it .
it is a very amazing product .
i highly recommend it .
i found that low light situations combined with any sort of action left this camera in the dust .
i wanted it to shoot concerts as well .
that meant even less light and just as much action . 
sure , i adjusted the film speed to 400 .
the grain was terrible .
next time i set it at 100 and used the flash .
well flash photos are never great , and there was still a lot of noise .
when i took outdoor photos with plenty of light and the objects were n't moving , the photos were awesome .
the camera was a marvel .
getting the printer to help output them was another tale .
overall i think that you need to consider what you wa n't to do .
for simple point and shoot photography , consider a cheaper digital . 
you do n't need the extra resolution or the cost .
then again a one time use camera may do just as well .
if you shoot in lots of light and desire high quality , this will be your camera .
it is versatile and seems to be one of the best .