troubleshooting ad-2500 and ad-2600 no picture scrolling b/w .
repost from january 13 , 2004 with a better fit title .
does your apex dvd player only play dvd audio without video ? 
or does it play audio and video but scrolling in black and white ?
before you try to return the player or waste hours calling apex tech support , or run the player over with your car , try these simple troubleshooting ideas first .
no picture :
hopefully you still have the remote control .
if you tossed it out the window , you need to fetch it .
using the remote control , press the i/p button located on the bottom right corner of the remote .
the i/p button switches the tv display between interlace and progressive .
if this doesnt bring back the picture , try pressing this button without playing a dvd .
if you dont get video back , now you can run the player over with your car !
picture scrolling in b/w :
you need the remote control for this so you better get it from your dog before he burries it in the backyard .
press the p/n button located on the bottom right corner of the remote .
the p/n button switches your dvd players video output signal between pal and ntsc .
by pressing p/n , you should be able to get a good picture on the screen .
for other problems go to http : //www.apexdigitalinc.com/support.asp 
i hope i have helped you continue to enjoy the apex dvd player with these troubleshooting tips .
i have done some research and experimenting with the remote when my apex ad-2500 seemed to have lost its video signal .
im a more happier person after discovering the i/p button !
the button was probably accidentally pushed to cause the black screen in the first place . 
but , if you 're looking for my opinion of the apex dvd player , i love it !
it practically plays almost everything you give it .
i 've had the player for about 2 years now and it still performs nicely with the exception of an occasional wwhhhrrr sound from the motor .
for the price it is a well spent investment !
i would recommend buying one .
incredibe price / performance .
i 've owned 6 or 7 dvd players since 1998 .
this is by far the nicest one , in so many ways . 
it 's very sleek looking with a very good front panel button layout , and it has a great feature set .
its fast-forward and rewind work much more smoothly and consistently than those of other models i 've had . 
it plays alternate video formats ( vcds , svcds , cvds ) very well .
and amazon.com has it for such a great price -- how can you go wrong ?
i 've bought one for the den and will buy a 2nd one for the bedroom .
strengths are well listed by other reviewers .
what got me to buy was the reviewer that said it would play dvd-rs fill of files ( e ., mp3s ) .
it sure does !
that 's a rare and valuable feature .
nother nice thing is that the unit has both optical and coax digital audio outputs , though the latter was not mentioned in the literature i 'd scanned before buying . 
saved me from having to buy an expensive optical cable , as i already had a coax cable . 
at double-speed ( 2x forward speed ) , it still plays mp3s with sound -- they are pitch-corrected and smooth , but twice as fast !
i wish it would do the same for movies , but that 's one rare / cool feature you will have to forgo . 
weaknesses are minor : the feel and layout of the remote control are only so-so ; it does n't show the complete filenames of mp3s with really long names ; you must cycle through every zoom setting ( 2x , 3x , 4x , 1/2x , etc . ) before getting back to normal size [ sorry if i 'm just ignorant of a way to get back to 1x quickly ] . 
if you 're a bargain hunter and you want a great feature set for a rock-bottom price , i highly recommend this model .
i bought mine in december of 2003 , and have had no real problems with it .
it does tend to run quite hot and should be given lots of room for air circulation .
it did also seem to have a strong `` new electronics `` smell for some time .
the only thing i did experience was a problem of the player freezing while playing , which i was able to clear by opening it up and blowing it out with `` canned air .
i bought this product from amazon .
after using it for just a month , i could not play any dvd .
i can only hear the sound but no picture ! 
their customer ( www.apexdigitalinc.com ) service is very poor .
no contact phone number , only eamil contact which did not respond me . 
i got one of these to serve as a second dvd player in my house .
it 's a compact , attractive machine and was easy to set up .
basic usage is easy , but the remote has a lot of buttons that i have n't used .
so far , we 've only used this player a few times to watch movies and it has worked fine .
the picture is clear , bright and sharp and the sound is good .
again , though , it has only been used sparingly . 
the catch is that , while it plays movies just fine , it has refused to read second discs with the movie `` extras `` on them on the two occaisions when i tried to do that .
it 's not a big deal for me .
i simply watched the extra features on another player .
had this been my only dvd player , though , it would have been a real problem .
as it is , i 'm keeping the machine .
it works well enough ( so far ) for me to be satisfied with it , and it 's possible that i 'm missing something .